README.md, before:

# unicorn

Code challenge for the position of Cloud Native Developer at Siemens.

## Problem statement

* it takes some time until a unicorn is produced, the request is blocked on requesters site and he needs to wait 

* to improve the situation adjust the code, so that the requester is receiving a request-id, with this request-id he can poll and validate if unicorns are produced

* if the unicorn is produced it should be returned though using fifo principle

* adjust the code, so that every x seconds a new unicorn is produced at put to a store, which can be used to fulfill the requests (LIFO Store)

* make sure, duplicate capabilities are not added to the unicorn

* improve the overall code

* if any requirements are not clear, compile meaningful assumptions

The provided reference implementation can be found at `cmd/reference`.

## Interpretation

> to improve the situation adjust the code, so that the requester is receiving a request-id, with this request-id he can poll and validate if unicorns are produced

We could approach this in many ways.
I decided to go with a custom http header - `Unicorn-Request-Id`.
I did not go with the `X-Request-Id` header because it's not official in the HTTP spec and it could be confused with a request ID that identifies each unique http request, and not the request transaction _per se_.




## Assumptions

It will only be used the standard library available for go 1.19.
The project structure does not follow exactly how I would structured it for a production service.

---

The name and adjectives are loaded from text files.
It was keept this way, since it could be a requirement for someone other than a programmer to change or add its values.
If that's not the case, I would recommend what was done with the capabilities data, which follows closely what Docker also does:
[https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/master/pkg/namesgenerator/names-generator.go](https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/master/pkg/namesgenerator/names-generator.go).

Commit message:

completed the HTTP transport layer + added unicorn fifo storage

README.md, after:

# unicorn

Code challenge for the position of Cloud Native Developer at Siemens.

## Problem statement

* it takes some time until a unicorn is produced, the request is blocked on requesters site and he needs to wait 

* to improve the situation adjust the code, so that the requester is receiving a request-id, with this request-id he can poll and validate if unicorns are produced

* if the unicorn is produced it should be returned though using fifo principle

* adjust the code, so that every x seconds a new unicorn is produced at put to a store, which can be used to fulfill the requests (LIFO Store)

* make sure, duplicate capabilities are not added to the unicorn

* improve the overall code

* if any requirements are not clear, compile meaningful assumptions

The provided reference implementation can be found at `cmd/reference`.

## Interpretation

> to improve the situation adjust the code, so that the requester is receiving a request-id, with this request-id he can poll and validate if unicorns are produced

We could approach this in many ways.
I decided to go with a custom http header - `Unicorn-Request-Id`.
I did not go with the `X-Request-Id` header because it's not official in the HTTP spec and it could be confused with a request ID that identifies each unique http request, and not the request transaction _per se_.

> - if the unicorn is produced it should be returned though using fifo principle
> - adjust the code, so that every x seconds a new unicorn is produced at put to a store, which can be used to fulfill the requests (LIFO Store)

I am a bit confused in what it is expected in these two points, so I'am not certain how it would fit in the reference code.
Are the LIFO store and the random unicorn FIFO production two separate things and add up, or one replaces the other?

My interpretation is that each request can be served by either: the LIFO store or the random time generator. Both them are served in a FIFO principle to requesters, in that, any who returns 

One should return the unicorns in a FIFO principle but store them following a LIFO principle?
Do clients share these 


## Assumptions

It will only be used the standard library available for go 1.19.
The project structure does not follow exactly how I would structured it for a production service.

---

The name and adjectives are loaded from text files.
It was keept this way, since it could be a requirement for someone other than a programmer to change or add its values.
If that's not the case, I would recommend what was done with the capabilities data, which follows closely what Docker also does:
[https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/master/pkg/namesgenerator/names-generator.go](https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/master/pkg/namesgenerator/names-generator.go).
